feat(op): comprehensive metrics documentation (#37924)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/processors/sensitive_data_scanner.md

**Note**: `pipelines.component_latency_seconds` is a distribution metric so you must enable percentiles for that metric. See [Enabling advanced query functionality][12] for instructions.

## Metrics

For the [component metrics][13] and [processor buffer metrics][14] emitted by all processors, see the Observability Pipelines Metrics documentation.

### Sensitive Data Scanner metrics

- Use the `component_id` tag to filter or group by individual components.

> - The `component_type` tag is `sensitive_data_scanner` for these metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `component_type` tag is `sensitive_data_scanner` for Sensitive Data Scanner processor metrics.
```

`pipelines.sds_rule_matched_total`
: **Description**: The number of events that matched a Sensitive Data Scanner rule. Tagged with the matching rule name.
: **Metric type**: count

`pipelines.scanned_events`
: **Description**: The number of events scanned by the Sensitive Data Scanner engine.
: **Metric type**: count

`pipelines.scanning.match_count`
: **Description**: The number of matches found by the Sensitive Data Scanner.
: **Metric type**: count

`pipelines.scanning.suppressed_match_count`
: **Description**: The number of matches suppressed by the Sensitive Data Scanner.
: **Metric type**: count

`pipelines.scanning.duration`
: **Description**: Accumulated wall-clock time, in seconds, spent scanning events. Use this metric to benchmark processor performance and evaluate optimizations.
: **Metric type**: count

`pipelines.scanning.cpu_duration`
: **Description**: Accumulated CPU time, in seconds, spent scanning events.
: **Metric type**: count

`pipelines.scanner.total_count`

> : **Description**: The number of Sensitive Data Scanner instances currently alive.

Reviewer: Does "instances" mean "processors"?

```suggestion
: **Description**: The number of Sensitive Data Scanner processors currently running.
```

Author: in practice, yes.
